Now removing a child is pretty straightforward,
unfortunately a bit difficult since not all browsers support the more convenient new method but it's
not that difficult in the end, so I'll show the cross-browser working method first.
Let's say we want to remove the second link, so I'll get rid of this code and just notice the paragraph will
disappear the next time
I hit run because I'm no longer inserting it and this is reloaded all the time,
so keep that in mind but I want to remove the second link. So first I'll select it by using my query
selector here
and I'll need query selector all because we have three links and I don't want to get the first one but the second
one and then I'll use the index one here to get the second anchor tag.
Now to remove it, I have to do the following to make it work in all browsers, I'll execute a, so this selected
anchor, then parent element or parent node would also work and then remove child a, so the child I
want to remove.
If I now run this, the link is gone. So that is a bit of an inconvenient way, right, that I have
to select the parent of the element I want to remove just to then remove it with the remove child method
but
that's the only version that is supported in older browsers as well. With newer browsers
but this is not safe to be used unless you use some polyfills to add the functionality, you may just
use the remove method which is of course much shorter.
So if I run this, you still see it's gone and if I get rid of this, just to reload it and then add it so that
we can really see it being deleted, you'll see
this works but again, not in all browsers.
So use this with caution,
use the other method, parent
element.removeChild and then passing the child to make sure it works in multiple, also all the
browsers.